To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy.
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza.
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.
Don't go alone---even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.
The fried rice is amazing here.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.
At the end you're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup.
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.
The wine list is excellent.
so garantuan that you can't fit them in a toaster.
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before, and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had (except for my mom's of course).
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
Try the lasagnette appetizer.
I liked the beer selection!
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
Not too crazy about their sake martini.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied.
The pizza was pretty good and huge.
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
The wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
Le Pere Pinard has a $15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding.
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love Artisanal!
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it.
Plenty of choices to make your own creation.
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it.
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS.
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.
Not impressed with the food.
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
Order the panang duck, it's fantastic.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
I've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste.
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.
A glass of Leaping Lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.
The pizza here is delicious.
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!
For great chinese food nearby, you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away.
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
Hats off to the chef.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York.
The food was bland oily.
What is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
Try the tandoori salmon!
The other night we had the $30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of.
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray's, Sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the Outstanding Pizza!
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess, it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well.
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky.
Frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!
The food is great.
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.
Decent wine at reasonable prices.
even the wine by the glass was good.
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.
I also ordered the Change Mojito, which was out of this world.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
The food was just awful, ATROCIOUS actually.
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, I can't wait!
Trust me, it will be great, and all of it will be devoured in no time.
The pizza is good though.
bottles of wine are cheap and good.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
Our food was great too!
Please try the Filet Mignon, its just the most tender piece ever.
Everything we had was pretty good, but we have only been there once.
The sake menu should not be overlooked!
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
i've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they're that good.
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
I work near-by, and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item.
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
The food was really good, I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.
I'm not picky - but it was actually gross.
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
If you want some roast duck, pork or chicken on rice with ginger, try them out!
Very popular style Izakaya (Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).
The food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.
Try the hot dogs too, they're snappy and delicious.
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls.
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent.
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st, taj mahal is also very comparable, in food quality, to the much overpraised (and underdeserving) baluchi's.
Try the cheesecake!
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
I had the best ravioli ever.
Quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried.
The food is great, service is ok.
Spice is great Thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella, but every pie is ultra fresh.
Fish was overdone.
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.
Good food.
The dim sum however was very good.
Plain and simple it's bad thai food.
Food-awesome.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
The sides were ok and incredibly salty.
For some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon.
The beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.
If you'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent, Long Tan is a good place on the slope.
When going out for a nice dinner, I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass.
black white shakes came out good also.
However, they've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot.
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagles are unbeliavably good.
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants.
The Italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the UES), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner...
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).
Really though, where's the seasoning?
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
It is thick and slightly soggy.
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence!
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
All the food was hot tasty.
Try green curry with vegetables.
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
The Pad Thai is excellent here, as well.
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant.
We parked on the block of Nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.
Orsay, is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC.
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
Chinese Desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness.
And really large portions.
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
I recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.
In fact, two people could really share one plate.
The food is great and authentic.
Anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
But the coconut rice was good.
The food was great.
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they hadn't heard about this place.
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).
But, they were too big for the bun.
The food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
The bagels are fabulous.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
The food options rule.
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
Also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.
Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.
Stick to the gulab jamun.
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine!
The restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese.
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
For all of you new to Indian food, try the Paneer Roll, it is a piece of heaven.
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal.
The food is terrible and overall, I would have to say avoid at all costs.
Unfortunately, the food was NOT something to get worked up about.
It's constantly open, catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
He takes real pride in his food and his business.
So if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at Montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.
Over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.
The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
too large for just two people but nothing was left.
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.
very good breads as well.
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
From beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.
Consistently good Japanese Tapas.
My goodness, everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.
My husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
Still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.
I haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.
The sushi was awful!
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.
Late nite omelletes are not good here, there is no variety!
Everything at Sala Thai is tasty and well-portioned.
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
For many people, this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic.
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!
The food now is inconsistent.
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic.
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two.
We've been following chef Lyle's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops.
it's delicious!
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we've ever had.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
In addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.
Try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.
It won't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food.
if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).
No refills on fountain drinks, though.
Wow over 100 beers to choose from.
Be careful of portions - they're HUGE.
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.
Plus, on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited!
Even my Indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan.
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
Outstanding Bagels, but you get what you pay for.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food!
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish.
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.
Pizza here is consistently good.
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
My husband and I enjoy Sangria.
But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food, this is one of the best spots.
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
They don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.
The noodle and rices dishes taste great.
The food's as good as ever.
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating.
The sauces used are also not that exciting.
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses!
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.
So much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.
And its absolutely DELICIOUS.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
While they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.
While the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
Their eggplant is so delicate, sweet tender!
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious, fresh, and elegant.
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
You should pass on the calamari.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps.
THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE.
The fries are yummy.
Best Taiwanese food in NY!
This place is a great stop for great food.
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City.
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.
All of it was simply amazing, unique and tasty and best of all it didn't break the bank.
Great wine list, reasonably priced.--Sara
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.
While the food was excellent, it wasn't cheap (though not extremely expensive either).
Beef noodle soup is good as well.
The food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine.
.the best I've found outside of the Chinatown masters.
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.
The soup is pretty good too.
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats.
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh.
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in NYC.
The food is amazing!!!!
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit, but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues.
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.
The owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
The pickles were great addition.
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken, then this is NOT your place.
You must try the shrimp appetizers.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
The production is a symphony, alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part.
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich, Katz's has a charm about it.
However, looking at the table next to ours, we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza, which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT.
If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
While it's not Nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
I couldn't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher.
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!
My friend's food was also the complete opposite of what it's supposed to taste like (aND look like).
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I don't have to rush off to a show.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
Not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth.
The best Chicken pad tai, I've ever had.
Over 100 different choices to create your own.
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
Very romantic fires - I've literally spent hours at Lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.
I almost wanted to write a bad review, so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself!
My turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.
His drinks are very inventive, delicious and classy.
Great food, great prices, great service.
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
This place, however, has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average.
Try ordering from the regular menu, then you would not regret!
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
The crispy chicken wasn't for us, though.
Food is great.
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!
The wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.
I've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST.
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
The fried rice is really good too.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
Not a small feat for good french food in the area.
Food was average but tasty.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.
my picks: Guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).
Pizza was a little soggy.
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever.
The wine list is interesting and has many good values.
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
Definite go if you're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad.
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.
The food is mostly made from scratch, fresh and well prepared.
Try the sea bass.
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to.
So, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.
A must for all the Dosa lovers.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar.
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
Try the mediterranean salad, it is a true experience for your taste buds!!
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap (undercooked) beef.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
My mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant.
Oh, and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy!
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap.
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.
Decent wine selection too.
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.
Disappointing food, lousy service.
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.
Over price, and small portions .
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.
My husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished.
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
Great pizza for lunch place.
The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll, and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken.
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.
The food was absolutely amazing!!
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
The food was good too.
Admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US.
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them.
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.
The menu is nothing like the one on the website.
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
The flavors are great, and the menu is extensive.
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down.
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
The food was spicy and delicious.
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.
Anyways, if you're in the neighborhood to eat good food, I wouldn't waste my time trying to find something, rather go across the street to Tamari.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived.
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
We've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed.
The food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed.
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
While I quite liked the food and the ambience, I'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods, indian included, i made friends with this place long ago.
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
Every course was better than the next.
Apparently, the good cook works then.
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
More important, the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo.
I have never had cheescake like this.
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.
Great sushi experience.
If you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to Del Frisco's!
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I've had.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
Tasty but expensive.
Both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great!
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate.
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.
I like Mamoun's food as well, but side by side, Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
Fresh, authentic, french cuisine in substantial portions.
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
Even better, they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it.
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC.
Good drink.
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better.!!
Great service, great food.
The food is expensive, but worth every bite.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
If you love seafood, you would love this place!
Dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty Indian restaurant in the upper east side.
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area.
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi, and delicious!
Even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in New York pizza restaurants).
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
When he's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
The ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe's.
Fish is so very fresh.
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.
The food was authentic.
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I've tried similar dishes at.
Okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
Not enough wines by the glass either.
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.
I must say it's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view.
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible.
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
Everything I had was good, and I'm a eater.
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food.
Try everything for that matter, it is all good.
Try the green curry!!!
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.
The food there are sastifying.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
The food was good.
Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.
But they've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual).
The steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.
The buffet had a nice selection.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.
They are the best bagels I've had.
While the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
The wine list is extensive and impressive.
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.
The specials are usually quite good too.
They've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.
Try the chocolate mud cake (warmed) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato.
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.
The best burger I have had in the Village.
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
Also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
The food is nothing like its menu description.
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city.
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
The food was absolutely horrible!
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.
The crackling calamari salad, which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants, is crispy and lightly dressed.
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy!
What I didn't like was how the food came right after it was ordered.
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
Most importantly, food is excellent.
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!
the real kicker of the menu, however, is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass.
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala.
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square.
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings, the whole slice is topped with them, not sparsely sprinkled on like some places.
Service is great, takeout is good too.
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.
Everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.
For the quality of food, a little too expensive.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
What an amazing meal and experience!
Unique apppetizers.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
The Thai food is good.
Great selection of wine, and seafood.
delicious.
As I made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.
Orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food, and French service as well.
Great food at reasonable prices.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways.
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it.
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce, which was wonderful.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious).
It is terrific, as is the value.
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
i recommend the thai popcorn :)
Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I couldn't believe the food.
Ummm...the beer was cold.
We had great desserts (including the best cannoli I've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
Good bagels and good cream cheese.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
I am happy i did the food was awsome.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
Then, get ripped on free box wine.
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
Good food.
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
When you want a piece of beef, head on over.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant.
The menu has lots of options: I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.
Delicious crab cakes too.
The bruschetta and panini's are so yummy!
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
go here for the drinks!
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
Authentic Pakistani food.
The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.
Quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for NYC.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
Service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, I'm willing to overlook it.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST!
The pizza was really good.
Food is average, and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi's tastes better.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines,please check their wine list.
Have the iced tea.
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys.
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
Everything is delicious, though, my gf and I come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
Stay away from the latter since you won't go for seconds (hint hint).
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food (all fast foods in my opinion).
The wine list is also really nice.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
Ballato's is consistently delicious authentic italian food.
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
After we got our sashimi order, I could not believe how small the portions were!
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
always fresh and delicious.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
Their sake martini is wonderful.
fine dining restaurant quality.
The food was exceptional.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, La Villa can't be beat.
The red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
Saul is pretty good, but definitely not great.
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive, nothing flashy.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
big and soft as well as good lunch food.
No food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
As for the bar, this is another bad idea.
Unlike HH up the block, this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for.
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry.
What generous portions!
The wine the service was very good too.
So, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.
The highly spiced chai tea was great too.
I have been there many times, and food is good and consistent.
Seriously, this is the best all you can eat in town- As everyone says, the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these, and you've broken even.
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like Balthazar etc.
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
Great value for the quality ingredients.
The Thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.
The sushi is also great!
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
The makhani was OK --the korma was bland.
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring.
The lox is always fresh too.
So all I'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I've ever been to.
Food was OK - fish was cooked well.
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
Salads were fantastic.
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!
skip dessert.
It's all about the food !!
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
The service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.
Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.
Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.
Try sushimi cucumber roll.
The food is delicious.
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full.
We all ate pasta entre'es, which were great.
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had (I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).
The food was boring and expensive.
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
I recommend their Pad See Ew, Pork Chops or Tofu plates.
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in NYC.
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
The main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well.
I don't like Indian food too much and this was delicious, however you want to factor that into the equation.
at taj, vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven.
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time
I've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I'm craving for Pho, Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice, this is the place to go.
The food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (WOW) you'll need no more.
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce.
Even upon delivery, their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house!
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
Food is great and inexpensive.
Dessert - can't be missed, so save room!!!
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order, but once the food is ordered, you are in for a treat.
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food.
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL.
It was divine melts in your mouth.
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but I thought a bit overpriced.
The flavors robust and subtle.
All I can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.
They have some great entrees here as well.
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
They do cater to American palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!
I had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful.
Oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city!
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY.
The best pad thai i've ever had.
Over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.
None of that yucky whipped stuff.
The wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.
Their coffee is quite good too!
great wine list (italian), good food, service was INITIALLY fine.
Normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.
Taxan delicious!
They couldn't even make a salad that was appealing.
Killer Sushi!
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious!
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.
Plus they made a perfect martini.
Their Margarita is best I've had since I've returned from Naples!
The tastes makes your mouth water for more.
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
The food was actually aweful.
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine.
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach, the Shanghai low mein, and other attractions.
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here!
Three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.
The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.
And the food was fantastic.
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
The fried dumplings are GREAT!
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
The 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
Just straight up cheap, good food.
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty.
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody.
The bagel was huge.
Get the tuna of gari.
Great food, great decor, great service.
Save your money and don't waste your calories, go to Margharita's on Washington Street instead, they have amazing food and the BEST service.
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
They sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!
I'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.
They kindly brought us more to see if it was better, but it was not!
love the food.
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side.
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork.
Overall, the best bagel in town.
It was huge, delicious, fresh, and will be the reason we return.
Light, refreshing summer rolls (not fried) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris.
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.
Food is excellent.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
Excellent lunch buffet for only $6.95.
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly!
This wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but I thought that was what made the place so special.
Good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good.
great eats, good times.
Grilled whole fish wonderful, great spicing.
For years, I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best, but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit.
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
The food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second!
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
The food is definitely good, but I left a bit disappointed.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas.
The filet mignon dish was superb!
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
The food is good, I can't lie.
great food, lt's of it, more then one person can eat!
I didn't expect to like Nosh as much as I did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly, the soups are like Mom's, and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel's a run for its money.
This place is worth going even if only for their beer.
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world!
The food was very well prepared.
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.
Good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
Check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.
Little Tonino's is just awesome, our favorite delivery place in Kennsington, honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had!
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal.
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.
Horrible food and Horrible service.
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.
THE BIG COMPLAINT: NO TOASTING AVAILABLE.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I'm not sure which dim sum dish it was.
No you're going to go back because the food was good.
The food was great and the service was even better.
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
Very good wine choices.
Tasty steak, pork loin, the works.
The burger was great, also.
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
The pizza was great.
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).
The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate.
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy's!
Great wine, great food.
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
Sake collection was excellent (Try Nanbu Bijin), but pricy.
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole.
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster, a cold lobster salad that was magnificent.
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too.
Get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.
I'm partial to the Gnocchi.
From the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.
